[New Term] HTML Elements: `<style>` (#1035)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/elements/terms/style/style.md

---

> Title: `<style>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: '<style>'
```

Description: 'Applies CSS styles to an HTML document.'
Subjects:
 - 'Web Development'
 - 'Web Design'
Tags: 
 - 'Elements'
 - 'Tags'
 - 'Style'
 CatalogContent:
 - 'learn-html'
 - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The **`<style>`** element allows developer to add [CSS](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css) to an HTML document.

## Syntax

```pseudo
<head>
  <style>
    /* CSS rules go here */
  </style>
</head>
```

> The `<style>` element must be included inside the `<head>` section of the document. All CSS styles follow the same [anatomy](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css/anatomy) for rulesets and declarations like external stylesheets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `<style>` element must be included inside the [`<head>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/head) element of the document. All CSS styles follow the same [anatomy](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css/anatomy) for rulesets and declarations like external stylesheets.
```

---
Title: '<style>'

> Description: 'This element is used to apply a simple style sheet to an HTML document'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Applies CSS styles to an HTML document.'
```

For term entries, let's begin the `Description` with the verb of the first sentence for this entry (and don't forget punctuation).

Subjects:
 - 'Web Development'
 - 'Web Design'
Tags: 

>  - 'Tags'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - 'Elements'
 - 'Tags'
 - 'Style'
```

 CatalogContent:
 - 'learn-html'
 - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`<style>`** element is used to apply a styles to an HTML document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`<style>`** element applies [CSS](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css) styles to an HTML document.
```

## Syntax

```html

> <!-- In-document style -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Agreed

> <style>
>   // CSS element goes here
> </style>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<head>
  <style>
    /* CSS rules go here */
  </style>
</head>
```

> 
> <!-- Inline style -->
> <h1 style="color:yellow;text-align:center">This is a header</h1>
> <p style="color:red">This is a paragraph.</p>
> 
> <!-- External style sheet -->
> <head>
>   <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css">
> </head>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I would apply this information to a separate entry since this entry should focus solely on the `<style>` HTML element.

```

> The `<style>` tag is used to define style information (CSS) for a document or an HTML page.
> 
> Inside the `<style>` element you specify how HTML elements should render in a browser.
> 
> The `<style>` element must be included inside the `<head>` section of the document. In general, it is better to put your styles in external stylesheets and apply them using `<link>` elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<style>` element must be included inside the `<head>` section of the document. All CSS styles follow the same [anatomy](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css/anatomy) for rulesets and declarations like external stylesheets.

The following attributes are available to the `<style>` element:
```

Reviewer 2: Add a spacing after the code block and this paragraph

> - `crossorigin` : used to specify how the element handles cross-origin requests
> - `href` : 	used to specify the location of the linked document
> - `hreflang` : used to specify the language of the text in the linked document
> - `media` : used to specify on what device the linked document will be displayed
> - `referrerpolicy` : used to specify which referrer to use when fetching the resource
> - `rel` : used to specify the relationship between the current document and the linked document
> - `sizes` : used to specify the size of the linked resource. Only for rel="icon"
> - `title` : used to specify a preferred or an alternate stylesheet
> - `type` : used to specify the media type of the linked document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `media` : Specifies on what device the linked document will be displayed.
- `title` : Specifies a preferred or alternative stylesheet.
```

I think the `type` attribute for the `<style>` element is deprecated. Either way, let's include valid attributes for just the this element. Can we add a new line item for the `nonce` attribute?

## Example

> **Example of style sheet in document**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example showcases the `<style>` element applying CSS rules to elements in the document:
```

```html

> <html>
> <head>
> <style>
>   h1 {color:green;}
>   p {color:yellow;}
> </style>
> </head>
> <body>
> 
> <h1>A h1 heading</h1>
> <p>A paragraph.</p>
> 
> </body>
> </html>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <style>
      h1 {
        color:green;
      }
      
      p {
        color:yellow;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>A header</h1>
    <p>A paragraph.</p>
  </body>
</html>
```

Reviewer: Let's make sure to indent our code blocks. I also suggested `<!DOCTYPE html>` to complete the syntax of the example.

```

> **Example of inline style**
> 
> ```html
> <h1 style="color:blue;text-align:center">This is a header</h1>
> <p style="color:green">This is a paragraph.</p>
> ```
> **Example of external style sheet**
> ```html
> <head>
>   <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css">
> </head>
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Let's replace this with an image link to a rendered page from the example code from lines # 55 - 67.

---
Title: '<style>'
Description: 'Applies CSS styles to an HTML document.'
Subjects:
 - 'Web Development'
 - 'Web Design'
Tags: 
 - 'Elements'
 - 'Tags'
 - 'Style'
 CatalogContent:
 - 'learn-html'
 - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---
The **`<style>`** element applies [CSS](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css) styles to an HTML document.

## Syntax

> ```html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```
